Chapter 1: Uncharted


"Time not just represent what happened to you,it represent how it happened to you"


20-01-2019 8:00:17:00

	Sammy just woke up in the bed.It was late already for work.She worked as professor at university of Columbia.She lived couple of blocks away from university.She has doctarate in Philosophy.She has old pickup truck which she got from her older brother,it was old Toyota Pickup.It was old but it does job pretty good.She threw her backpack in backseat.She got coffe flask in one hand and keys on the other hand.She was still chewing bread in the mouth.She sat in the car and put the key into ignition.She looked at old family photo where whole family sat at family cabin.
	She just got back in sense.She backed up the car;just to put forward gear she saw her neighbour is waving at her.She waved back and get back to her route.

	It took couple of minutes to get her in campus.It was just robotic life for her.Tight loops connected as hell,familiar faces,lecture routine and grade paper.Her phone buzzed.It was her brother.She tooked it.

	"Happy birthday,Sam" 

	"Thanks Aaron! "

	"You are coming home tonight.Right!! Karen and kids will be waiting for you"

	"OK.Tell her I will be there"

	"Bye"

	She hunged up.She forgot about today.She looked at photo of the her father at the desk.She said..


	"Wish you were here.."


	20-01-2019 17:00:25:00


	She got some greetings from her collegues.She just make a bunch as stuffed in her bag.She left her office.She connected her phone's bluetooth to stero system.She started her usual playlist.
	She started driving.She glared at the sky as it seems little unclear today.She started car,her brother lives far away from campus.She was making time while driving.She was safe driver but aaron was not.


	It was getting dark.It was unusal day.Car's stero system making funny noises.She started to smacking it like it was old CRT TVs.While doing that her phone fell of the deck.She tried to pick it up with her feet.It got worse for both stero system and phone.She not able to stop stero system from deck.She reached for the phone.She hit the pause button.She forgot about road for minute.It was all needed to cause incident in life.She smacked her pickup in another car.She was flying out of windshield.Car got totally wreck from accident.She got bruises on her body.She tried to look at other vehicle but it wasn't there.There is no skid marks of tyres.just she and her car.She closed her eyes and let it go.


	After few minutes,EMT came but it was different.She was powerless.She looked at EMT they looked like somebody's doing star trek cosplay.The thing about cosplay and this,it was real now.There is no bullshit.One guy said to his collar on uniform.

	"Auto_stecher"

	Some Silver surfer space-board came there.It was like mercury which sleep under her body.that thing lifted her in the air.It automatically check her vitals.It started recording log.It started to speak out log.

	
	"Auto_stecher-345B2"
	"Date:20-01-2050 18:00:59:00 "

	Everything else look like mumble to her cause she stuck at one place time.It must be mistake or joke.

	"Subject loosing massive amount of blood..losing consiousness..."

	And she lose it again.